we're now in the alleys of the AL shabor
Camp that's been hit by an Israeli air
strike this very basic house was struck
by at least one missile without any
prior warning it resulted in many
victims such rates and their increasing
frequency are having disastrous effects
in Rafa and its camps because they're so
densely populated as you can see these
are the remains of this family's
possessions alabora Camp is full of
refugees and displaced people who moved
to Rafa because it was described by the
Israelis as a safe
area these are traces of victim's blood
the house was reduced to Rubble by the
Israeli raid raids and shelling on
different areas of the city of Rafa are
continuing most victims are women and
children and those others displaced to
the last part of the Gaza Strip thinking
as they were told that it was a
area people were killed when the
occupation forces bombed a residential
building on Al jalah Street in the
center of Gaza City and two children
were also killed and others injured in
an Israeli air raate that targeted a
house in the al- shabura camp in the
center of
Rafa make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer